---
date: 2020-01-11
title: Lead List
video_id: JC2yJnBXzLM
description: Lead List
type: Video
categories:
  - assigning-leads
# set: getting-started
# set_order: 3
---

<a name="lead-list"/>
## [Lead List](#lead-list)
Existing leads assigned to the Assistant can be viewed with detail information in the Lead List.  

Filtering and Searching is possible. You can filter by `dates, state, assistant, schedule, upload files`. And can type part of the `name, email or phone number` to search specific lead.

On click of the lead row, it expands to show the possible actions and timeline graph.

<a name="lead-timeline"/>
## [Lead Timeline](#lead-timeline)
Email communication between the lead and the Assistant can be seen in the timeline view on expanding a specific lead from the lead list. 

Timeline view shows all the communication done and is scheduled as per the timeline. Clicking on any of the dates in the timeline view shows the message that was Sent or Received or any Note created. 
Note the scheduled messages along with the schedule date. Assistant will send similar message as shown in the scheduled message, if it is a generated message. But if it is your custom message then it will send the right one. 

<a name="lead-actions"/>
## [Lead Actions](#lead-actions)
Various actions are possible on a lead seen in the lead list. 

`Message` action lets the user view the message exchanges till now as well as let you type a new `message as assistant`.  
User can leave a note by clicking the `Add Note` button.
`Deactivate` action is useful when a user have asked to stop sending further emails.   
User may have communication with the lead outside the system, like on SMS or phone call. Clicking on `Hot` button lets user manually mark the lead Hot.  
`Introduce Me` is an important action. Assistant will send an email to the lead copying the user in that email. So that user is formally introduced and can take the communication ahead when the lead responds.   
`Unsubscribe` action lets user manually unsubscribe a lead. Once a lead is unsubscribed it cannot be added back for any other lead source or context.
`Edit` action let you change the attributes like Name, Schedule, etc other than the email address. 

Multiple leads can be selected and an action can be taken on all the selected ones. 

## Questions answered
- How I deactivate the follow-ups for single lead ?
- How do I change the schedule of few selected leads ?
- How do I search specific leads ?
- What do I do when Lead Responds ?