---
date: 2020-03-01
title: FAQ  
description: Frequently Asked Questions
type: Document
categories:
  - other
---

## When does AI Sales Assistant stop emailing ?
AI Sales Assistant stops emailing as soon as 
- The lead responds.
- The lead unsubscribes
- The lead is not interested in our offering

## Why some leads are marked Deactivated and Bounce Risk ?
In the email ecosystem, it is critical to maintain a healthy Reputation.  
Bounced emails impacts the credibility of the email servers and reduces the deliverability of your emails.  

To achieve the better deliverability of your emails, we have the bounce rate limit at the organization level. If the Bounce rate limit of 4% is hit then we do not take risk of sending emails to email ids which are verified as Risky to send.   
Email ids which are verified as Safe to send will continue to be processed. 

We use multi-layer approach to validate the email ids before sending any emails. After this multi-layered approach identifies an email to be Risky to send **and** you have hit the bounce rate limit then those leads are marked Deactivated and Bounce Risk.

## How can I process the Deactivated -> Bounce Risk Leads ?
The bounce rate is calculated as percentage of number of leads created in last 7 days (by Created Date) VS number of leads bounced (Deactivated -> Bounce Deactivated) in last 7 days (by Modified Date). This is at the Organization level, i.e. across all the assistants in the Organization. 

The day, the bounce rate goes below the limit, you can restart the BounceRisk leads. It is highly recommended that you be extra careful in handing these leads. Because again if the bounce rate goes beyond the limit you would be stuck with the Bounce Risk emails for 7 more days.

## How is the Bounce Rate Calculated ?
Number of Valid leads created in last 7 days:
- TVL = Filter by Create Date for last 7 days. 

Number of leads actually bounced in last 7 days.
- Bounced Leads = Filter by Modified in last 7 days and State Deactivated->Bounce Deactivated.

Bounce Rate = (Bounced Leads * 100) / TVL

If the Bounce rate is 4% or more then the leads identified as Bounce Risk will be put in status Deactivated->Bounce Risk.

## How do I find out when by Bounce % will go down ? 
Calculate the Bounced Leads in last 6 days instead of 7. To know the possible Bounce Rate starting from that 6 days earlier date. If it is still 4% or above then go to last 5 days and like wise. 

## In Sales Assistant, can I add same lead email-id for different context ? 
No you cannot. You will have to edit the lead and restart the follow-up.

## Can I have my company logo in the assistant signature ?
Right now we do not have the feature to add logo to the signature. Logos, Square boxes, and ‘sales-ly emails’ get a lower response rate compared to plain, simple, direct, conversational emails. 

## Can I stop sending the WhatsApp URL in the emails sent by the assistant ?
Yes, you can. Go to edit assistant and tick the box appropriately for adding or not adding the direct WhatsApp URL in the email.

## What names should I use for the AI Assistant to get a good response rate ?
Names like Rachel, Ashley work well for US, India. Names like Sonia, Sakshi work well within India. France and middle east get higher response rates with local assistant names. Try different  names and let us know how it worked for you. Remember that emails already gone out from one assistant cannot be changed when you change names. Its like hiring a new assistant from the lead perspective.

## How do I decide on the context to be used when adding a lead ? 
Our customers generally create a list of contexts that are relevant for them and publish those to their internal team. All leads getting added, the team uses one of the contexts you approve, so all emails go correctly. The context once used is remembered and is searchable too in that field while adding the lead.

## Is there any option to pause the sending of emails?
Yes, you can deactivate the lead. That will stop sending the emails. To restart, can again assign another (or same) sequence/schedule to the lead to restart followups.  

## Is unsubscribe the only option to stop sending off further messages?
Unsubscribe is not the option to stop sending emails. Deactivate is the right option to stop sending emails. Unsubscribe is used only when the end-user clicks unsubscribe or write 'unsubscribe me' (or something like that) in the email. Then Assistant will automatically unsubscribe the lead. If the Assistant fails to read unsubscribe response for whatever reason, you can manually unsubscribe the lead if the lead requested it specifically.  99% of the time, you will never have to unsubscribe manually.  

## What are the options to send an attachment, videos or photos in the email?
Two ways to send attachments, you-tube videos or photos. 

1. Use links (URLs) to those files and videos in the email. 
2. Use your normal email client (like gmail) for sending the first email and cc the Assistant in that email.  
The Assistant understands that she needs to followup that leads using the 'Email CC' schedule.
